[Music]
just give me an $80 ticket she is so
into you have a good night it's already
been good now that you served and
protected me
you got her badge number plus a month
from now you got a date to meet her at
the municipal stage they graduate from
high school and what do they do there
they go to college No do they take an
interest in my store no hey are you
gonna wreck sauce drugs first of all
chill pills they have any idea of the
future no that was in my nose
[Music]
we are a club people you guys wanna make
out or what
we're just leading the speak helpline
for me Steve and done boot avi
your brothers No yes we'll give the
uncool to take control yourself a chance
to rule all right we'll clean up later
don't worry about it
[Music]
I broke the window again a night at the
Roxbury hey what's up how you doing like
some typos go on you got a number
[Music]